#1281 describe effects of creating new long-term keys (#1282)
tlswg/tls13-spec: draft-ietf-tls-rfc8446bis.md

  the handshake is complete, this does not compromise the security of the

>   session key (see {{?DOW92=DOI.10.1007/BF00124891}}), as long as the session key itself has
>   been erased. The forward secrecy property is not satisfied

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  session key (see {{?DOW92=DOI.10.1007/BF00124891}}), as long as the session key itself (and all material that could be used to recreate the session key) has
  been erased. In particular, the key shares, shared secrets, and keys derived in the TLS Key Schedule other than `binder_key`, `resumption_secret`, and PSKs derived from the `resumption_Secret` also need to be erased.  The forward secrecy property is not satisfied
```

Reviewer 2: You don't need to erase the shares, you need to erase the secrets from which those shares were generated (I don't know a name that would allow you to concisely identify those).

Author: Changed to "private keys related to key shares". I think "private keys related to key shares, shared secrets" cover everything.

For DH you need to delete both private keys and the resulting shared secret. In a KEM you need to delete one private key and the shared secret.

>   when PSK is used in the "psk_ke" PskKeyExchangeMode. If key shares, shared secrets,
>   or any keys derived in the TLS Key Schedule except binder_key, resumption_secret,
>   and PSKs derived from the resumption_secret are not erased short-term after
>   closure of a connection this creates additional long-term keys, and the property
>   is no longer satisfied.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  when PSK is used in the "psk_ke" PskKeyExchangeMode.  Failing to erase keys or secrets intended to be ephemeral or connection-specific in effect creates additional long-term keys that must be protected, and compromise of those long-term keys (even after the handshake is complete) can result in loss of secrecy of the connection's traffic.
```

Reviewer 2: Avoid the comma splice on "protected, and compromise" -> "protected. Compromise"

Author: I fixed the comma splice
